In public transport, the driver issues: * A certificate of fare concessions for persons with disability group I or II, persons under 18 years of age with disabilities and a person accompanying a person with disability group I or a person under 18 years of age with disabilities, upon presentation of an appropriate driver's license to the driver. * A certificate of transfer in the event of technical damage to the vehicle. This allows the passenger to reach their destination by another means of public transport within an hour. Other types of tickets: * Monthly ticket. The ticket is valid for one month from the first day of registration. * Code ticket. The code ticket allows you to pay for trips with a smartphone online. * Time ticket. A ticket for a certain period of time – 90 minutes. * Day ticket. A ticket for a certain period of time – 24 hours, 3 days, 5 days. Price for day ticket types: * 24-hour ticket. Price EUR: 5.00. * 3-day ticket. Price EUR: 8.00. * 5-day ticket. Price EUR: 10.00. Tickets loaded into an e-ticket must be used within 12 months of purchase, while a code ticket must be used within 3 months of purchase, except in cases where the tariff changes and a transition period is set. The day ticket is available on the Riga Citizen's Card, personalized, non-personalized and yellow e-ticket, as well as in the code ticket app. To purchase a code ticket, you must install one of the following mobile apps on your smartphone: * "Rīgas satiksme" app for purchasing travel tickets (GooglePlay and App Store); * Mobilly (GooglePlay, App Store and AppGallery) How to use a code ticket: * When boarding a vehicle, scan the code or enter the vehicle identification number. In the event of a ticket control, present the scanned ticket to the controller. A code ticket is a payment method for Riga public transport (tram, trolleybus, bus), which allows you to pay for trips with a smartphone online. Price for time ticket types: * One 90-minute ticket. Price EUR: 1.50. * Two 90-minute tickets. Price EUR: 3.00. * Ten 90-minute tickets. Price EUR: 15.00. A 90-minute ticket can be used by registering a trip in each means of transport used. The last ticket registration can be made in the 89th minute from the moment of the first registration and travel to the destination. The ticket loaded into the e-ticket must be used within 12 months from the date of purchase, while the code ticket must be used within 3 months from the date of purchase, except in cases where the tariff changes and a transition period is established. One 90-minute ticket is available on the Riga Citizen's Card, personalized, non-personalized and yellow e-ticket, as well as in the code ticket app. Two or ten 90-minute tickets are available on the Riga Citizen's Card, personalized and non-personalized e-ticket, as well as in the code ticket app. Monthly ticket types price: * Monthly ticket.