What is "Rīgas satiksme": "Rīgas satiksme" was founded on February 20, 2003, and its status is a limited liability company of the Riga Municipality. "Rīgas satiksme" is a capital company 100% owned by the Riga City Municipality. "Rīgas satiksme" owns capital shares in the following capital companies: SIA "Rīgas karte" (51%), SIA "Rīgas acs" (100%). The company operates in accordance with the requirements of the ISO 9001:2015, ISO 45001:2018 and ISO 50001:2018 standards, and the company has also developed an anti-corruption plan (in accordance with the internal regulations of the Riga City Council No. RD-18-9-ntd "Procedure for the organization of the corruption prevention system in the Riga City Municipality", paragraph No. 23, the status of restricted access information is determined). Currently, the company employs about 3,400 employees. The overall strategic objective of the activities of "Rīgas satiksme" is to provide public transport services in the administrative territory of Riga City, manage and operate Riga City paid parking lots within the red lines of streets and participate in the maintenance and development of Riga City transport infrastructure. The company's mission: to provide an accessible, safe and sustainable public transport system, road transport and parking services, while simultaneously promoting economic growth and improving the quality of life in Riga. The company's vision: a modern and socially responsible company. Company values: * development - we develop and strive to be increasingly efficient, thinking about society and the environment * responsibility - we are responsible for our actions and solutions * safety - we are aware that safety is the basis of our stability * cooperation - we cooperate to achieve our common goals The company has four areas of activity: * management of a unified route network * passenger transportation * parking lot management * transport rental "Rīgas satiksme" provides: * 6 tram routes * 22 trolleybus routes * 50 bus routes The Council of the company "Rīgas satiksme": * Ainārs Ozols: Chairman of the Council (independent* member of the Council) "Stockholm School of Economics" obtained an "Executive MBA", "Riga Technical University" obtained a Bachelor's degree in economics with a specialization in international economic relations. Previously, from July 2019 to December 2019, he was a member of the Council of “Rīgas satiksme”, from 2015 to 2018 he was the Head of Human Resources of the Baltic Division of “SEB Grupa”, from 2007 to 2015 he was the Chairman of the Board of “SEB banka”. Currently, he is the Chairman of the Council of “Rīgas satiksme”, a member of the Council of AS “Alphinox quality” and the owner and manager of “AO Consilium”, as well as the Chairman of the Council of “Rīgas namu pārvaldniks”. Chairman of the Council for five years, from February 1, 2022. * Normunds Narvaišs: Deputy Chairman of the Council (independent* member of the Council) Received higher education in the specialty of automobiles and automotive industry at the “Riga Polytechnic Institute” Faculty of Mechanics and Mechanical Engineering. Previously, from 2016 to 2021, he was an independent member of the council